Note on the Rubric 
------------------
Although some of the grading criteria may appear subjective to you, I was as objective as possible and assigned almost all the grades using checkpoints on the essential parts that we required for the project. 

The soft criterium I used is mostly concentrated on items #2 (Data Analysis) and #3 (Scope and Complexity). The final grade for those items resulted from an evaluation of all the projects as a whole. I also recognized in those rubrics team's effort and dedication. I considered a project more complex if it required different types of skills and used more diverse content we covered in during the quarter (e.g., if the team downloaded and used two ready-to-use data sets VS if the data was constructed using complex webscraping, data cleaning, record linkage, and everything was stored in a relational SQL database).

Please note that these grades are final! I will not make any grade adjusts unless it is due to an arithmetic error, even if you feel the deduction is too much. Project scores are final. 

As always with assignments, feel free to reach out if you do have any questions about improvement or clarification. Please respond via email if you do have any questions (not on Ed). I will be busy preparing for the next quarter so we may not have a chance to respond right away. 

-------

Project Evaluation Points:

    - Project Requirements (See point breakdown below):
        Points Possible: 75
        Points Obtained: 75

    - Design: & Coding Style: 
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15

    - Program usability:
        Points Possible: 10
        Points Obtained: 7


Total Points: 97 / 100


Breakdown of Project Requirements:       

  - Contains README and/or a pdf with textual information describing the project.
        Points Possible: 10
        Points Obtained: 10
	
  - Fulfills requirement #1: Two Data Sources(Web or API and another source)
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15

  - Fulfills requirement #2: Data analysis component
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15

  - Fulfills requirement #3: Project Scope & Complexity
        Points Possible: 20
        Points Obtained: 20


  - Fulfills requirement #4: Visualization or Textual Component
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15



Comments: This was awesome! This is one of the best projects this quarter. With being done a group member, you all did a very nice job with structure and analysis portion to the assignment. Great works. One comment: 

1. The steps for interaction is a bit confusing to a user. I would highly suggest you condense it down into a single module that allows the user to reenter in as many times as they wish to produce new maps. This allows for better user-interaction. Right now, I have to rerun all 
The scripts it feels like in order to make changes to the walking distance. 